⛹️‍♀️
Woman bouncing ball
woman bouncing ball | ball | woman

⛹️‍♂️
Man bouncing ball
man bouncing ball | ball | man

🇺🇳
Flag: United Nations
flag: united nations | flag

🏃‍♀️
Woman running
woman running | racing | running | marathon | woman

🏃‍♂️
Man running
man running | racing | running | man | marathon

🏄‍♀️
Woman surfing
woman | surfing | woman surfing

🏄‍♂️
Man surfing
man surfing | man | surfing

🏊‍♀️
Woman swimming
woman | woman swimming | swim

🏊‍♂️
Man swimming
swim | man | man swimming

🏋️‍♀️
Woman lifting weights
woman lifting weights | weight lifter | woman

🏋️‍♂️
Man lifting weights
man | weight lifter | man lifting weights

🏌️‍♀️
Woman golfing
golf | woman golfing | woman

🏌️‍♂️
Man golfing
golf | man golfing | man

🏳️‍🌈
Rainbow flag
rainbow | rainbow flag

👨‍⚕️
Man health worker
nurse | doctor | therapist | healthcare | man health worker | man

👨‍⚖️
Man judge
man | justice | scales | man judge

👨‍✈️
Man pilot
man pilot | man | pilot | plane

👨‍🌾
Man farmer
farmer | gardener | rancher | man | man farmer

👨‍🍳
Man cook
cook | man cook | man | chef

👨‍🎓
Man student
student | man student | man | graduate

👨‍🎤
Man singer
star | singer | man | actor | entertainer | man singer | rock

👨‍🎨
Man artist
man | man artist | palette | artist

👨‍🏫
Man teacher
instructor | man teacher | teacher | professor | man

👨‍🏭
Man factory worker
worker | factory | industrial | man factory worker | assembly | man

👨‍👦
Family: man, boy
family: man, boy | family | man | boy

👨‍👦‍👦
Family: man, boy, boy
family: man, boy, boy | family | man | boy

👨‍👧
Family: man, girl
girl | family: man, girl | family | man

👨‍👧‍👦
Family: man, girl, boy
man | family: man, girl, boy | girl | family | boy

👨‍👧‍👧
Family: man, girl, girl
girl | family | man | family: man, girl, girl

👨‍💻
Man technologist
man technologist | inventor | coder | software | technologist | developer | man

👨‍💼
Man office worker
manager | white-collar | man office worker | business | architect | man

👨‍🔧
Man mechanic
man mechanic | electrician | tradesperson | mechanic | plumber | man

👨‍🔬
Man scientist
physicist | chemist | biologist | man scientist | scientist | engineer | man

👨‍🚀
Man astronaut
astronaut | rocket | man | man astronaut

👨‍🚒
Man firefighter
firetruck | man | man firefighter | firefighter

👩‍⚕️
Woman health worker
nurse | doctor | therapist | healthcare | woman health worker | woman

👩‍⚖️
Woman judge
woman judge | woman | scales | judge

👩‍✈️
Woman pilot
plane | pilot | woman pilot | woman

👩‍🌾
Woman farmer
farmer | gardener | rancher | woman farmer | woman

👩‍🍳
Woman cook
cook | chef | woman cook | woman

👩‍🎓
Woman student
woman | student | woman student | graduate

👩‍🎤
Woman singer
star | singer | actor | entertainer | woman singer | woman | rock

👩‍🎨
Woman artist
palette | woman | woman artist | artist

👩‍🏫
Woman teacher
instructor | teacher | woman teacher | professor | woman

👩‍🏭
Woman factory worker
worker | factory | industrial | woman factory worker | assembly | woman

👩‍👦
Family: woman, boy
family: woman, boy | family | boy | woman

👩‍👦‍👦
Family: woman, boy, boy
family: woman, boy, boy | family | boy | woman

👩‍👧
Family: woman, girl
girl | family | woman | family: woman, girl

👩‍👧‍👦
Family: woman, girl, boy
family: woman, girl, boy | girl | family | boy | woman

👩‍👧‍👧
Family: woman, girl, girl
family: woman, girl, girl | family | girl | woman

👩‍💻
Woman technologist
woman technologist | inventor | coder | software | technologist | developer | woman

👩‍💼
Woman office worker
manager | white-collar | business | architect | woman office worker | woman

👩‍🔧
Woman mechanic
electrician | tradesperson | mechanic | plumber | woman mechanic | woman

👩‍🔬
Woman scientist
physicist | chemist | biologist | woman scientist | scientist | engineer | woman

👩‍🚀
Woman astronaut
rocket | astronaut | woman | woman astronaut

👩‍🚒
Woman firefighter
firetruck | woman firefighter | woman | firefighter

👮‍♀️
Woman police officer
police | woman police officer | officer | cop | woman

👮‍♂️
Man police officer
police | man police officer | officer | man | cop

👯‍♀️
Women with bunny ears
partying | women | women with bunny ears | dancer | bunny ear

👯‍♂️
Men with bunny ears
partying | dancer | men with bunny ears | bunny ear | men

👱‍♀️
Woman: blond hair
blonde | woman: blond hair | woman | blond-haired woman

👱‍♂️
Man: blond hair
blond | man: blond hair | man | blond-haired man

👳‍♀️
Woman wearing turban
woman wearing turban | turban | woman

👳‍♂️
Man wearing turban
man wearing turban | man | turban

👷‍♀️
Woman construction worker
woman construction worker | construction | worker | woman

👷‍♂️
Man construction worker
man construction worker | worker | man | construction

💁‍♀️
Woman tipping hand
sassy | woman tipping hand | tipping hand | woman

💁‍♂️
Man tipping hand
man tipping hand | man | sassy | tipping hand

💂‍♀️
Woman guard
woman | guard | woman guard

💂‍♂️
Man guard
man guard | man | guard

💆‍♀️
Woman getting massage
woman getting massage | woman | face | massage

💆‍♂️
Man getting massage
massage | man | face | man getting massage

💇‍♀️
Woman getting haircut
woman | woman getting haircut | haircut

💇‍♂️
Man getting haircut
haircut | man | man getting haircut

♂️
Male sign
male sign | man

♀️
Female sign
female sign | woman

🕵️‍♀️
Woman detective
woman detective | spy | detective | sleuth | woman

🕵️‍♂️
Man detective
man detective | spy | detective | sleuth | man

🙅‍♀️
Woman gesturing NO
hand | gesture | forbidden | woman gesturing no | prohibited | woman

🙅‍♂️
Man gesturing NO
hand | gesture | man | forbidden | prohibited | man gesturing no

🙆‍♀️
Woman gesturing OK
hand | ok | gesture | woman | woman gesturing ok

🙆‍♂️
Man gesturing OK
hand | ok | gesture | man | man gesturing ok

🙇‍♀️
Woman bowing
favor | bowing | gesture | apology | sorry | woman bowing | woman

🙇‍♂️
Man bowing
favor | man bowing | bowing | gesture | apology | sorry | man

🙋‍♀️
Woman raising hand
woman raising hand | raising hand | woman | gesture

🙋‍♂️
Man raising hand
man raising hand | raising hand | man | gesture

🙍‍♀️
Woman frowning
woman | woman frowning | gesture | frowning

🙍‍♂️
Man frowning
man frowning | gesture | man | frowning

🙎‍♀️
Woman pouting
woman | woman pouting | pouting | gesture

🙎‍♂️
Man pouting
gesture | man | pouting | man pouting

🚣‍♀️
Woman rowing boat
woman rowing boat | rowboat | boat | woman

🚣‍♂️
Man rowing boat
man rowing boat | boat | man | rowboat

🚴‍♀️
Woman biking
bicycle | woman biking | cyclist | woman | biking

🚴‍♂️
Man biking
bicycle | man biking | cyclist | man | biking

🚵‍♀️
Woman mountain biking
mountain | woman mountain biking | bicycle | cyclist | bike | woman | biking

🚵‍♂️
Man mountain biking
man mountain biking | mountain | bicycle | cyclist | bike | man

🚶‍♀️
Woman walking
hike | woman walking | walk | woman

🚶‍♂️
Man walking
hike | man | walk | man walking

🤦‍♀️
Woman facepalming
facepalm | woman facepalming | exasperation | woman | disbelief

🤦‍♂️
Man facepalming
man facepalming | facepalm | exasperation | man | disbelief

🤷‍♀️
Woman shrugging
woman shrugging | ignorance | doubt | shrug | indifference | woman

🤷‍♂️
Man shrugging
ignorance | doubt | man shrugging | shrug | indifference | man

🤸‍♀️
Woman cartwheeling
gymnastics | woman cartwheeling | cartwheel | woman

🤸‍♂️
Man cartwheeling
gymnastics | man cartwheeling | man | cartwheel

🤹‍♀️
Woman juggling
multitask | juggling | woman juggling | woman

🤹‍♂️
Man juggling
multitask | juggling | man | man juggling

🤼‍♀️
Women wrestling
women wrestling | women | wrestle

🤼‍♂️
Men wrestling
men | men wrestling | wrestle

🤽‍♀️
Woman playing water polo
water polo | woman | woman playing water polo

🤽‍♂️
Man playing water polo
man playing water polo | man | water polo

🤾‍♀️
Woman playing handball
woman playing handball | handball | woman

🤾‍♂️
Man playing handball
man | handball | man playing handball

